IBX-6404: Added create bundle extension (#2214)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/administration/project_organization/bundle_extension/upload_packagist.md

---

> description: Upload created bundle extension to Packagist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Upload the bundle extension you created to Packagist.
```

---

# Upload bundle to Packagist

> The following section explains how to upload created bundle on the [packagist.org](https://packagist.org/) website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload the bundle that you created to the [packagist.org](https://packagist.org/) website:
```

1\. Go to the Packagist website and click **Submit**.

![Submit package](packagist_submit.png)

> 2\. Provide the repository URL to your package, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2\. Provide a URL address of the repository that holds your package, for example:
```

`https://github.com/acme/example-3rd-party-extension`

!!! note
    When you add a new feature, you need to create a tag.

> 3\. To create a new tag, in GitHub, go to **Tags** section, and click **Create a new release**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

3\. To create a new tag, in GitHub, go to **Tags** section, and click **Create a new release**.
```

![New tag](new_tag.png)

4\. Link your bundle repository with Packagist.

Make sure the repository is set to public.
Each time you add a new feature to your bundle, you need to also add a new tag.

> 5\. Click the **Check** button to verify the bundle completeness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5\. Click the **Check** button to verify the completeness of the bundle.
```

> In `composer.json` in the `repositories` indicate the type and bundle URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `composer.json`, under `repositories`, indicate the type and URL address of the bundle:
```

```json
"repositories": {
        "ibexa": {
            "type": "composer",
            "url": "https://updates.ibexa.co"
        },
        "acme/currency-exchange-rate":{
            "type": "vcs",
            "url": "https://github.com/acmee/example-3rd-party-extension"
        }
    }
```

> Any change in repository immediately affects the other bundle so you can see the changes.

Reviewer: "in the repository"...
What other bundle? It is unclear

---
description: Upload created bundle extension to Packagist.
---

# Upload bundle to Packagist

> The following section explains how to upload created bundle  on the [packagist.org](https://packagist.org/) website.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following section explains how to upload created bundle on the [packagist.org](https://packagist.org/) website.
```

1\. Go to the Packagist website and click **Submit**.

![Submit package](packagist_submit.png)

2\. Provide the repository URL to your package, for example:

`https://github.com/acme/example-3rd-party-extension`

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

!!! note
    When you add a new feature, you need to create a tag.

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
